the sg wattenscheid 09 secured on the
sunday the indoor city championship in
Bochum
in the final the sg beat the
second representative of the vfl bochum
surprisingly clear 5 2 1 before it is in
Great finale had to come both
but teams only through longer
semi-finals fight
the vfl bochum 2 content win against the
westfalenligisten spd seems to make
Shortly before closing by a hit of the
torwarts this year fernandes easy
won in the second semi-final
the sg wattenscheid with 3 to 1 against
district league concordia wiemelhausen den
decisive last hit marked
he sows
in the game of the two entrepreneurs
teams went into it
nine meter shooting
here concordia secured itself
wiemelhausen with 5 to 3 the third
space
and here are the highlights of the final game
between the sg wattenscheid 09 and the
vfl bochum 2
price
O